I'm writing these letters to Russia because sometimes back here in Malawi we had the same problem
so I'm feeling sorry for my brothers there. As a family we want to join our brothers and sisters
all while writing letters to Russian government to allow them to have a freedom of worship.
We feel for our brothers in Russia because we know what the brothers went through in this country
and so we certainly want to do our best to give support to this letter writing campaign
and so that our brothers in Russia will feel that we're right behind them.
When the work was under ban in Malawi, brothers were all over the world wrote letters to the government
so we feel the same that if we write letters to Russia the brothers there will know that we love
them too. It's a privilege because it's something that we can physically do.
We pray fervently by the situation but when we actually write a letter we show that we are
prepared to put ourselves out to do so and it's a great privilege.
I was born in the refugee camp in Mozambique. My parents had it to free Malawi because our freedom
of worship was severe restricted. I feel strongly about this letter writing campaign to our
brothers in Russia because it's good a good meaning to me it really happened here the very same
thing that's happening in Russia it happened here. One thing that helped my parents to remain
strong during the ban here in Laon was knowing that they are not alone. So writing in behalf of
our brothers and sisters in Russia who helped them to have strong faith to know that
brothers and sisters are allowed to love them. Our grandparents used to tell stories about
the restrictions that they had they couldn't meet freely as we're doing now and they had to meet
at night time. I grew up in Estonia during Soviet occupation and I was literally now freedom
of religion that's time. My father and my grandfather's family were deported to Siberia because of
being she was with me. And there is a reason why I feel that I really want to write the letter to
Russian government and support my brothers this way. As Jova's people who are like one body
when one member of their body is in pain the whole body feels the pain. That's the more we are
feeling about our brothers in Laxia. The Bible first and with the chapter two this one and two
encourages us that prayers and desessions should be made on behalf of authorities and people
in their positions so that our brothers and sisters can go on leading a common quiet life.
I feel that writing these letters it really unites me with my brothers and sisters everywhere in the world.